[docs] Update installation guide of the icons package (#31026)
mui/material-ui: docs/data/material/components/icons/icons.md

These components use the MUI `SvgIcon` component to render the SVG path for each icon, and so have a peer-dependency on `@mui/material`.

> If you aren't already using MUI in your project, you can add it following the [installation guide](/getting-started/installation/).

Reviewer: The dependency is on Material UI, not MUI.

```suggestion
If you aren't already using Material UI in your project, you can add it following the [installation guide](/getting-started/installation/).
```

> If you aren't already using MUI in your project, you can add it following the [installation guide](https://mui.com/getting-started/installation/).

Reviewer: So it keeps working when we move the docs to a subdomain, e.g. https://v3.mui.com/

```suggestion
If you aren't already using MUI in your project, you can add it following the [installation guide](/getting-started/installation/).
```
